"Hello? Is this working? I hope this is working. Over."
“This is Detective John Davis. Who is this? Am I talking to anyone now? Over.”
“Fine, but who am I talking to?”
“And hurry it up too, I’m low on time.”
“Yes, very helpful.”
“Who are you? Hurry it up, I’m low on time. Over.”
“...”
“I am in the lavatory.”
“What, you’re not?”
“I’m hiding, trying to see if this thing works, which I suppose it does.”
“It’s called a MorseMate. It is how I am communicating with you.”
“I’m not sure how it works, but I’m able to talk to you without a telephone line.”
“I figured out that I put this small wire piece in my ear, and it reads whatever you’re morsing to me.”
“This thing has been a family heirloom for generations, but no one has been able to figure out what it does until now.”
“Enough about this matter. I need your help solving a case.”
“Okay, you got me. I’m not actually a detective. I’m trying to solve the murder of my dear friend Alex. Alexander Westwood.”
“...”
“And I have no idea what to do.”
“Ah yes, of course. First of all, Alex was a very well off fellow. He owned this estate for over 20 or so years. He was found in his study last night, lying on the floor. There is no clear murder weapon or any signs of struggle. News spread around quickly, which is how I ended up here.”
“There are only two possible suspects: His wife, Victoria Westwood, or his chemist, Robert Black. Both were the only ones on the estate during the time of his death.”
“Victoria said that she was cooking dinner when she heard Alex fall, and that she stopped cooking and rushed over to see him on the floor, not breathing. She was very hysterical in telling me her alibi, and it took me a while to calm her down.”
“Robert was out riding his horse around the estate until dusk. When riding back to the house, he saw Victoria running outside, yelling for help. Victoria backed up his alibi, saying that she saw him ride in well after 8, roughly 5 minutes after Alex collapsed.”
“...”
“One of these people killed my friend.”
“Please help me. I need to avenge Alex, no matter the cost.”
“Right, of course, I apoligise. I think I should take a breath outside first before we look around.” 
“I’ll check back in with you when I get back inside.”